Update information on the Intro_patterns.rst (#78192)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/intro_patterns.rst

.. code-block:: console

   [WARNING]: Could not match supplied host pattern, ignoring: 127.0.0.2
   
Pattern processing order
------------------------

> The processing is a bit special, first all :, get processed, then & and then ! position only accounts for processing order inside each operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processing is a bit special and happens in the following order: 
1.  ``:`` and ``,``  
2. `` &``
3.  ``!``  

This positioning only accounts for processing order inside each operation:
```

> a:b:&c:!d:!e == &c:a:!d:b:!e == !d:a:!e:&c:b

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``a:b:&c:!d:!e == &c:a:!d:b:!e == !d:a:!e:&c:b``
```

> all of them result in :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these result in  the following:
```

> host in/is (a or b) AND host in/is all(c) AND host NOT in/is all(d, e)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host in/is (a or b) AND host in/is all(c) AND host NOT in/is all(d, e).
```

> now a:b:!e:!d:&c is a slight change as the !e gets processed before the !d, not that this makes much of a difference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now ``a:b:!e:!d:&c`` is a slight change as the ``!e`` gets processed before the ``!d``, though  this doesn't make much of a difference:
```

> host in/is (a or b) AND host in/is all(c) AND host NOT in/is all(e, d)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host in/is (a or b) AND host in/is all(c) AND host NOT in/is all(e, d).
```

.. code-block:: console

   [WARNING]: Could not match supplied host pattern, ignoring: 127.0.0.2
   
Pattern processing order
------------------------

The processing is a bit special and happens in the following order: 
1.  ``:`` and ``,``  
2. `` &``
3.  ``!``  

This positioning only accounts for processing order inside each operation:
``a:b:&c:!d:!e == &c:a:!d:b:!e == !d:a:!e:&c:b``

> All of these result in  the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these result in the following:
```
